readme.md, before:

![awesome alibaba cloud](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/Alibaba-cloud-logo-grey-2-01.png)

# Awesome Alibaba Cloud ![awesome alibaba](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/13c4e50d88df7178ae1882a203ed57b641674f94/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f73696e647265736f726875732f617765736f6d652f643733303566333864323966656437386661383536353265336136336531353464643865383832392f6d656469612f62616467652e737667) [![MIT](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) [![open source love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/) 

## Build Status

[![Deadlink Test](https://travis-ci.org/ellerbrock/awesome-alibaba-cloud.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ellerbrock/awesome-alibaba-cloud)

**Info:** Green Build Status means there should be no Deadlinks in this List.<br>
You can find the Testfiles on [travis-deadlink-scanner](https://github.com/ellerbrock/travis-deadlink-scanner)

![you have to love what you do](https://github.frapsoft.com/top/love-what-you-do.jpg)


## Documentation

- [Getting Started](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started)
- [Quick Start Videos](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started/videos?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620480.4.118816abcfi1Xq#guid-621220)
- [Webinars](https://resource.alibabacloud.com/webinar/index.htm?spm=a3c0i.8276330.675768.dnavresources8.7db4b8b8mhiwQM)
- [Document Center](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help?spm=a3c0i.o48869en.a1.1.5be31771R6AZIr)
- [Terraform](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops/terraform)
- [Alibaba Cloud Tutorials](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started/projects?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620478.4.118816abcfi1Xq)
- [Developer Resources](https://www.alibabacloud.com/support/developer-resources)
- [Forum](https://www.alibabacloud.com/forum/index.php?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620481.3.118816abcfi1Xq)


## Open Source Projects

- [Official Github Account](https://github.com/alibaba)
- [Alibaba Cloud Github Marketplace](https://www.alibabacloud.com/marketplace/index.htm?spm=a3c0i.51000002.756398.1.13b289acDxJWjn)
- [Efficient Container Engine based on Open Container Initiative Standards](https://github.com/alibaba/pouch)
- [A Deep Insight of Alibaba Open Source Project - Pouch](https://www.alibabacloud.com/blog/A-Deep-Insight-of-Alibaba-Open-Source-Project---Pouch_p295733)
- [Dragonfly - Intelligent P2P based file distribution system](https://github.com/alibaba/Dragonfly)


## Architecture

- [Container Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/25978.htm)
- [Server Load Balancer](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/27544.htm)
- [Alibaba Cloud CDN](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/27105.htm)
- [Virtual Private Cloud](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/34221.htm)
- [Log Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/29003.htm)
- [Data Transmission Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/26598.htm)
- [E-MapReduce](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/28070.htm)
- [Architecture and Structure Design](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/data-migration/cloud-architecture)
- [Container - Microservices Solution](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops/microservices?spm=a3c0i.165268.860347.4.e03ab142dRlVE)
- [DevOps Solution](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops?spm=a3c0i.157378.675768.dnavsolutions10.7e6d776dZ1kxLG)

## Infrastructure as Code

- [Terraform Provider (stable)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/index.html)
- [Terraform Examples (stable)](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-alicloud)
- [Terraform Provider (dev)](http://47.95.33.19:4567/docs/providers/alicloud/)
- [Terraform Examples (dev)](https://github.com/alibaba/terraform-provider/tree/master/terraform/examples)
- [Infrastructure Automation Quickstart](https://github.com/ellerbrock/alibaba-cloud-terraform-github-travis) for Alibaba Cloud with Github, Travis and Terraform
- [SDK Overview](https://www.alibabacloud.com/support/developer-resources)
- [Go Lang SDK](https://github.com/aliyun/alibaba-cloud-sdk-go)
- [Remote State Backend OSS (pr open)](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/16927)

## Articles

- [Alibaba Cloud, Baidu embrace open source as CNCF members](https://www.rcrwireless.com/20171206/alibaba-cloud-baidu-embrace-open-source-as-cncf-members-tag27)
- [Guess Who's King of Cloud Revenue Growth? It's Not Amazon or Microsoft](http://fortune.com/2017/09/27/cloud-computing-revenue-growth/)
- [Alibaba is leading a $27M investment in open source database startup MariaDB](https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/29/alibaba-mariadb/)
- [Alibaba Cloud to offer Red Hat open source](https://thestack.com/cloud/2017/10/13/alibaba-cloud-to-offer-red-hat-open-source/)


## Social Media

- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCipPA-ZHX6UYGH_Iyti1-Jw)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/alibaba_cloud)
- [Github](https://github.com/aliyun)


## Support

You can get direct support for my Open Source projects on Alibaba Cloud here

[![gitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/top/gitter-alibabacloudnews.jpg)](https://gitter.im/alibabacloudnews/Lobby)


## Try Alibaba Cloud

[Sign up](http://ow.ly/YKQe30hHgp8) today and get $300 valid for the first 60 days to try Alibaba Cloud.


## Contact

[![Github](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/github.png)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/)[![Docker](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/docker.png)](https://hub.docker.com/u/ellerbrock/)[![npm](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/npm.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/~ellerbrock)[![Twitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/twitter.png)](https://twitter.com/frapsoft/)[![Facebook](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/facebook.png)](https://www.facebook.com/frapsoft/)[![Google+](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/google-plus.png)](https://plus.google.com/116540931335841862774)[![Gitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/frapsoft/frapsoft/)

## License 

[![MIT license](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit-125x28.png?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

This work by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/ellerbrock" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Maik Ellerbrock</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a> and the underlying source code is licensed under the <a rel="license" href="https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php">MIT license</a>.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add aliyuncli dockerization

readme.md, after:

![awesome alibaba cloud](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/Alibaba-cloud-logo-grey-2-01.png)

# Awesome Alibaba Cloud ![awesome alibaba](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/13c4e50d88df7178ae1882a203ed57b641674f94/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f73696e647265736f726875732f617765736f6d652f643733303566333864323966656437386661383536353265336136336531353464643865383832392f6d656469612f62616467652e737667) [![MIT](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) [![open source love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/) 

## Build Status

[![Deadlink Test](https://travis-ci.org/ellerbrock/awesome-alibaba-cloud.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ellerbrock/awesome-alibaba-cloud)

**Info:** Green Build Status means there should be no Deadlinks in this List.<br>
You can find the Testfiles on [travis-deadlink-scanner](https://github.com/ellerbrock/travis-deadlink-scanner)

![you have to love what you do](https://github.frapsoft.com/top/love-what-you-do.jpg)


## Documentation

- [Getting Started](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started)
- [Quick Start Videos](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started/videos?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620480.4.118816abcfi1Xq#guid-621220)
- [Webinars](https://resource.alibabacloud.com/webinar/index.htm?spm=a3c0i.8276330.675768.dnavresources8.7db4b8b8mhiwQM)
- [Document Center](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help?spm=a3c0i.o48869en.a1.1.5be31771R6AZIr)
- [Terraform](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops/terraform)
- [Alibaba Cloud Tutorials](https://www.alibabacloud.com/getting-started/projects?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620478.4.118816abcfi1Xq)
- [Developer Resources](https://www.alibabacloud.com/support/developer-resources)
- [Forum](https://www.alibabacloud.com/forum/index.php?spm=a3c0i.8276058.620481.3.118816abcfi1Xq)


## Open Source Projects

- [Official Github Account](https://github.com/alibaba)
- [Alibaba Cloud Github Marketplace](https://www.alibabacloud.com/marketplace/index.htm?spm=a3c0i.51000002.756398.1.13b289acDxJWjn)
- [Efficient Container Engine based on Open Container Initiative Standards](https://github.com/alibaba/pouch)
- [A Deep Insight of Alibaba Open Source Project - Pouch](https://www.alibabacloud.com/blog/A-Deep-Insight-of-Alibaba-Open-Source-Project---Pouch_p295733)
- [Dragonfly - Intelligent P2P based file distribution system](https://github.com/alibaba/Dragonfly)


## Architecture

- [Container Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/25978.htm)
- [Server Load Balancer](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/27544.htm)
- [Alibaba Cloud CDN](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/27105.htm)
- [Virtual Private Cloud](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/34221.htm)
- [Log Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/29003.htm)
- [Data Transmission Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/26598.htm)
- [E-MapReduce](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/28070.htm)
- [Architecture and Structure Design](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/data-migration/cloud-architecture)
- [Container - Microservices Solution](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops/microservices?spm=a3c0i.165268.860347.4.e03ab142dRlVE)
- [DevOps Solution](https://www.alibabacloud.com/solutions/devops?spm=a3c0i.157378.675768.dnavsolutions10.7e6d776dZ1kxLG)

## Infrastructure as Code

- [Terraform Provider (stable)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/index.html)
- [Terraform Examples (stable)](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-alicloud)
- [Terraform Provider (dev)](http://47.95.33.19:4567/docs/providers/alicloud/)
- [Terraform Examples (dev)](https://github.com/alibaba/terraform-provider/tree/master/terraform/examples)
- [Infrastructure Automation Quickstart](https://github.com/ellerbrock/alibaba-cloud-terraform-github-travis for Alibaba Cloud with Github, Travis and Terraform)
- [Automated Build on Dockerhub of aliyuncli](https://hub.docker.com/r/ellerbrock/alpine-aliyuncli/)
- [Quickstart for aliyuncli on Github with Travis CI and Docker Build](https://github.com/ellerbrock/aliyuncli-travis-docker)
- [SDK Overview](https://www.alibabacloud.com/support/developer-resources)
- [Go Lang SDK](https://github.com/aliyun/alibaba-cloud-sdk-go)
- [Remote State Backend OSS (pr open)](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/16927)

## Articles

- [Alibaba Cloud, Baidu embrace open source as CNCF members](https://www.rcrwireless.com/20171206/alibaba-cloud-baidu-embrace-open-source-as-cncf-members-tag27)
- [Guess Who's King of Cloud Revenue Growth? It's Not Amazon or Microsoft](http://fortune.com/2017/09/27/cloud-computing-revenue-growth/)
- [Alibaba is leading a $27M investment in open source database startup MariaDB](https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/29/alibaba-mariadb/)
- [Alibaba Cloud to offer Red Hat open source](https://thestack.com/cloud/2017/10/13/alibaba-cloud-to-offer-red-hat-open-source/)


## Social Media

- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCipPA-ZHX6UYGH_Iyti1-Jw)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/alibaba_cloud)
- [Github](https://github.com/aliyun)


## Support

You can get direct support for my Open Source projects on Alibaba Cloud here

[![gitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/top/gitter-alibabacloudnews.jpg)](https://gitter.im/alibabacloudnews/Lobby)


## Try Alibaba Cloud

[Sign up](http://ow.ly/YKQe30hHgp8) today and get $300 valid for the first 60 days to try Alibaba Cloud.


## Contact

[![Github](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/github.png)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/)[![Docker](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/docker.png)](https://hub.docker.com/u/ellerbrock/)[![npm](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/npm.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/~ellerbrock)[![Twitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/twitter.png)](https://twitter.com/frapsoft/)[![Facebook](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/facebook.png)](https://www.facebook.com/frapsoft/)[![Google+](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/google-plus.png)](https://plus.google.com/116540931335841862774)[![Gitter](https://github.frapsoft.com/social/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/frapsoft/frapsoft/)

## License 

[![MIT license](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit-125x28.png?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

This work by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/ellerbrock" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Maik Ellerbrock</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a> and the underlying source code is licensed under the <a rel="license" href="https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php">MIT license</a>.
